Integrate docker-compose (#5)
Ponjimon/vrising-docker: README.md

 ```console
 docker run -it -p 27015:27015/udp -p 27016:27016/udp -v /home/vrising/server-data:/vrising/server-data public.ecr.aws/r0w6f3t3/vrising:latest
 ```
 

>  Alternatively, you can use `docker-compose`. Simply run `docker-compose up -d`to spin up a container. The `docker-compose.yaml` file assumes that there is a directory `${home}/vrising-server` in which the container will mount a volum and store the saves and you can add your custom settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Alternatively, you can use `docker-compose`. Simply run `docker-compose up -d` to spin up a container. The `docker-compose.yaml` file assumes that there is a directory `${HOME}/vrising-server` in which the container will mount a volume and store the saves where you can add your custom settings.
```
